Deck Name: Eclipse
Card Count: 52

Theme: "The shadows of the monsters eclipse even the most hopeful of souls."


Cards:



    Fleshy Overgrowth (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect:
            Tier I: Monster Hit Points increase by 50%
            Tier II: Monster Hit Points are doubled


    Hemotology (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Monster Attacks gain Bleeding (1)


    Faultlines (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Missfire score for Weapons is decreased by a dice size


    Power Overwhealming (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect:
            Tier I: Monster Damage is increased by 50%
            Tier II: Monster Damage is doubled


    Sunfall (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: The world is enshrouded by Magical Darkness, Monsters gain Dark Sight 60 ft if they alreaday don't have it or another sense that allows them to see in Darkness


    Scent of Blood (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: A Monster of the GM's choice knows the exact location of the Player Characters at all times


    Unkillable (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers III)
        Effect: Monsters gain the Trait: Defiance. If the Monster fails a Saving Throw or Defend it can succeed instead. Can be used Tiers times, after finishing a Recovery regain all expended uses


    Hirearchy (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Each Monster has its Rank increased by a Tier to a random similar Rank. Any Monster than doesn't have a Rank gains one


    Abyssal Strain (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers III)
        Effect: Each time a Coin is Tossed the creature that Tossed it gains a point of Strain


    Harvesters (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: All Monsters gain Lifedrinker (Half) on their Attacks


    Harrow (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Whenever a Monster enters Combat its Valor is increased by the ammount of Valor each hostile creature has combined, for the duration of the combat


    Exhumed Cards (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Each Player randomly picks a Chaos Card played. These Chaos Cards are played at the start of the next Session. If no other Chaos Cards were Played, each Player randomly pulls a Chaos Card from the deck


    Shadows (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Each Monster has a shadawy copy of it emerge that fights along with it, both the Monsters and copy have their Hit Points reduced by half


    Twilight (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Each Monster has the Trait: Regeneration. At the start of each Phase regain 10 Hit Points, this Trait doesn't function if you start a Phase with 0 Hit Points. Monsters with Regeneration have their Regeneration ammount increased by 5


    Crosswired (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Each Player switches which Player Character they are playing randomly


    Heartless Man (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect:
            Whenever a creature regains Hit Points it instead Regains half the ammount
            Creature can no longer regain Hit Points


    Rot Flower (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect: Concoctions and Injections have their duration halfed


    Brutality Cross (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Monsters have a Critical Hit on all Attacks


    Dozers (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers III)
        Effect: Monster Armor increases by 5


    Unity (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: All allied Monsters within combat have their Hit Points combined


    Restless (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: All creatures are unable to take a Recovery or Rest


    Paleknight (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect: All Armor is reduced to 0


    Weakened (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Creatures may no longer take Strain.


    Convergent (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect: All non Monster creatures have a Coin Locked to Tails


    Divergent (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect: All creatures have a Coin Locked to Heads


    Seams (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers III)
        Effect:
            Tier I: Something doesn't seem quite right
            Tier II: An unsettling presence nears
            Tier III: It's here


    Penance (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers II)
        Effect: When a creature deals Damage it takes half the Damage dealt


    The Sick (Chaos, Eclipse, Tiers III)
        Effect: Creatures can't gain Temporary Hit Points


    Stuffed Toy (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: When a creature takes Damage it Tosses a Coin and Calls a Face. If it lands on the Called Face it takes not Damage.


    Twisted Mirror (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: When a creature Flips a Coin it Draws a Strain Card.


    Help from Down Below (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Strain Card Effects happen Twice.


    Watchful Eye (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: All creatures engaged in Combat know all Stats of the others.


    Dark Gods Rejoice (Chaos, Eclipse)
        Effect: Chaos Card effects either are Doubled or happen Twice, where applicable.